

rename to elency and git repo, enverty thing

NEED TO DO FULL TEST
Need to test all views with buttons on and off, so there is no text overlap!!!, breaking clearing

DOCUMENT CONFIGURATION KEYS SHOULD PROBABLY BE BASE 64 ENCODED STRINGS? 32 chars
HASHER IN BOTH NODE AND CSHARP ARE DOING THAT

* CORS, user vulnerability posts etc, validation on request input

https://medium.com/the-node-js-collection/news-node-js-8-moves-into-long-term-support-and-node-js-9-becomes-the-new-current-release-line-74cf754a10a0


document health endpoint?

  express session cookie.secure needs configuring on/off
  ldap !!!!
  should run securely, strong keys, encryption, pem key passwords etc
  roles etc, how things work


when konfig pems generated are they different, e.g. encrypt config with old, then overwrite files restart
what happens when decrypting etc
if new keys generated and app doesn't break bug


auditing, view on user?
config retrieval

IS CERT encrypt/decrypt all wrong
keys I am decrypting using private key, shouldn't I  encrypt with public, decrypt with p

index.js to expose and destructuring to prevent fishing, makes refactoring easier!

console.log

document all options for config,env etc


gzip and caching of sTatic files, minimizing?

general logging of errors to file?

express session cookie.secure needs configuring on/off? documentation?


need to revisit all error dialogs


logging, rotation?

better error messages server and client

return models from repositories without _id

openssl genpkey -algorithm RSA -out private_key.pem -pkeyopt rsa_keygen_bits:2048
openssl rsa -pubout -in private_key.pem -out public_key.pem


// How to generate global public and private
// this works but need a password always use this
openssl genrsa -des3 -out elency-config.prv.pem 2048
openssl rsa -in elency-config.prv.pem -outform PEM -pubout -out elency-config.pub.pem
//without password
openssl genrsa -out elency-config.prv.pem 2048
openssl rsa -in elency-config.prv.pem -outform PEM -pubout -out elency-config.pub.pem



cookies secure
https everything secure


publish scripts to generate server and clients
e.g. clean clone
npm install
delete certs, config etc


configurable option for slippage of timestamp?????? maybe turn offable?
